[footsteps]
I must say, I didn't expect
those two to end up together.
-[ARIEL] Oh, my!
-[FITZ gasps]
♪
[FITZ] I wonder if Rudy's
tried dating anyone.
I think he likes girls...
but maybe
he's taken a vow of abstinence.
[indistinct chatter outside]
Can't get too excited
either way.
After all, he's waving
at his friend, "Master Fitz"
not at me.
♪
[footsteps ascending]
Turns out,
"Silent" is a girl his age.
And it's fairly obvious
that he's interested in her.
The two of them share
some kind of special bond,
one that I don't
fully understand.
Whatever it is,
they seem much closer
than Rudy and I were
back in Buena Village.
[door creaks shut]
♪
She showed up in his in life
out of nowhere.
They act like they've known
each other forever.
♪
Always at each other's side.
[groans]
What do I do?
I'm too scared to make a move.
How did I just lose
all my nerve?
I thought
I was braver than this.
What happened?
♪
[RUDEUS] I've been
at the University of Magic
for about a year.
Enough time
for me to turn sixteen.
[swishing]
I still begin each day
with a workout...
only new thing about that
-is some added motivation.
-[BADIGADI grunts]
[RUDEUS] I never know
how to talk to this guy.
Still kinda scared of him.
Tell me.
Yeah?
Why do you desire strength?
I'm not quite sure
how to answer that.
[BADIGADI] I've known many men
obsessed with the pursuit
of strength, fame, and fortune.
Not a decent one among them,
if you ask me!
All narrow-minded.
There are more worthwhile
things to chase in life.
Like what, would you say?
[BADIGADI]
Like women, boy!
You'll understand once you find
one for yourself!
[laughs]
Speaking of, Your Majesty.
[BADIGADI]
What is it?
Do you happen to know
a cure for impotence?
I do not.
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
After a little training,
it's time for breakfast
and then on to class.
[STUDENT 210A]
What a pain in the ass.
-You're tellin' me.
-[BOTH gasp]
[STUDENT 210A]
Can you believe this weather?
[STUDENT 210B]
It's just lovely!
♪
[RUDEUS] Since
that "duel" with Badigadi,
most of the other students
steer clear of me.
Uh, hey.
[chuckles]
Uh.
Come on, you can cut Goliade
a little bit of slack, boss.
Her heart's in the right place
and everything.
Besides, I'd like it if you
tried to make us look good
in front of the other
beast folk, meow.
With all the minions
that you have at this point,
it's gotten tougher
being your number two.
Hey, meow,
I'm the boss' number two!
Now, now, there's no need
to argue about it, okay?
I consider you both
my number two.
[LINIA sighs]
Way to miss the point, boss.
We need a clearly defined
hierarchy.
Yes we do.
Like, since you can beat
Silent Fitz.
You could basically
run this place.
Me, in charge here?
No, thank you.
Now, grow a pair and show off
your claws, meow!
Not happening.
[Both exclaim]
[writing on chalk board]
-[CLIFF] Rudeus.
-[RUDEUS] Hmm?
What all do you know
about curses?
-Hmm.
-[RUDEUS] A growing
interest of his lately.
[RUDEUS] Curses, huh?
Curses, curses...
-Huh!
-Well,
a friend once told me
that Laplace transferred
his curse to objects,
and that let him force
the curse onto others.
That so?
Mm-hmm.
He cursed the spears he gave
the Superd in the Laplace War,
they didn't use their own.
And, basically,
it caused them to go on
a bloody rampage,
which led to their whole race
being vilified.
-[furniture clattering]
-Seriously?!
That's how that started?!
-[JENIUS clears throat]
-[stuttering]
[both sighing]
Sounds like.
Just according
to what I heard, at least.
Fascinating.
Transferring a curse.
♪
That's very helpful.
Thanks, Rudeus,
I've got an idea
on what to do now.
[JENIUS coughs
and clears throat]
[both groan]
[RUDEUS]
After class, it's lunchtime.
[indistinct chatter]
-How about we grab a seat
right here? -Good idea,
as Julie wouldn't be able
to join us on the third floor.
[STUDENT 210C]
Hey, that's Rudeus!
Guy's a powerhouse.
Took down every other special
student in his first year!
Oh, yeah, not to mention
one-shotting the Demon King
in front
of literally everybody.
[RUDEUS]
I don't mind
getting my ego stroked,
of course,
but I can't let it go
to my head.
[BADIGADI guffaws]
[thudding footsteps] If it
isn't my mighty little friend,
all tucked away in a corner!
[laughs]
[thudding]
[glugging]
[sighing]
Oh.
Master, that thing
His Majesty's drinking
looks so yummy.
[both gulp]
[laughs]
Spoken like a true dwarf!
Incredible that she can discern
quality at such a young age!
Yes.
You wouldn't be opposed
to sharing a drop or two
with us, Your Majesty?
Surely you jest, boy!
Few things are less fun
than drinking alone!
-But don't stop at a drop!
-Ah.
-[BADIGADI] Guzzle away!
-[laughs]
Yes, this is not a beverage
to be sipped!
Then maybe it'd be better
to wait until after class.
[sighs]
[gulps and sighs loudly]
[groans]
-[glugging]
-[JULIETTE] Ah!
If that's your wish,
I shall obey.
[loudly laughs]
It's a tough road
for you scholars, huh?
♪
[RUDEUS]
After lunch,
I retreat to this lab covered
in magic-resistant brick
for summoning experiments.
My part in this
isn't too demanding.
I just pour mana
into magic circles
that Nanahoshi devised herself.
[chiming]
They say most proven
summoning circles
have been lost.
But by studying
the principles behind them,
coupled with
lots of experimentation
with countless
different circles,
she's managed to invent a few
of her own original spells.
Gotta say, I'm very impressed.
[gasps]
[puffing]
Was that a success?
Nope, another dud.
[RUDEUS]
Now, with me here,
she's taking
the "kitchen sink" approach.
We're testing more circles
than I can count.
So hey, what is the end goal
of this experiment, exactly?
[NANAHOSHI]
Eventually I want to summon
a person from our world.
But in the short-term,
I'm just trying to work out
the major principles
on a much smaller scale.
[RUDEUS]
It shouldn't be possible.
But if she can draw a circle
that summons a person...
she should be able to draw one
that sends them back, as well.
That's the hope, anyway.
[sighs]
Let me ask you something...
Say you do make that happen,
besides getting home
won't that cause another big
mana disaster?
[NANAHOSHI] I'm planning
to avoid that, of course.
If I can prove
a few more theorems,
I can form a hypothesis
as to why it happened
in the first place,
and how to keep it from
happening again.
[RUDEUS]
Well, they say
that failure
is a part of experimentation,
so please don't take the risk
too lightly, okay?
Obviously.
Why do you think
I'm starting with the basics?
[sighs]
You know, I would love to learn
about summoning magic, myself.
[NANAHOSHI]
You must understand,
this knowledge is my lifeline.
I need to be careful
about sharing it.
Yeah, but part
of this arrangement
was that you would share it.
[NANAHOSHI]
Okay, fine.
I'll tell you one thing
after this experiment, promise.
[RUDEUS]
Only one?
Doesn't seem worth it to me.
Well, think of it this way,
as soon as my research is done
and I've gone home,
you get access
to all my writing.
I'm sure you can be patient
in the meantime.
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
Ugh,
I guess begging before
we actually get anything done
would be pretty pathetic.
Oomph!
[NANAHOSHI] If you
wanna know that badly,
do some research of your own.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
♪
[RUDEUS]
After dinner, I give
Julie magic lessons.
♪
[chuckling]
And then onto figure making.
This is still Julie's
first year.
So her mana capacity
is fairly low,
and I wouldn't say
she has much finesse.
I mean, she is good
with her hands,
but she's only just started
-using sculpting tools..
-[RUDEUS] Not bad, but...
...so her skills aren't honed
yet. ...look at this side
of the face.
[RUDEUS] We've gotta think
in the long term.
♪
Since I met Nanahoshi,
I haven't been to the library
nearly as much.
[yawns]
And that's how my days go by.
Still no lead on a cure,
though.
[gasps softly]
And I haven't seen much
of Master Fitz, lately, either.
Then, one day
I received a letter.
Hmm.
It says it's from Soldat.
[RUDEUS]
Soldat Heckler.
Head honcho of Stepped Leader.
Blast from the past.
Okay.
So he's in Sharia
for a big guild meetup,
and he wants to grab a bite
to eat for old times' sake,
catch up a bit.
[chuckles]
[thud]
♪
[RUDEUS]
I wonder if this is what
it feels like to reconnect
with your old high school
buddies, or something.
Gotta say, it ain't bad.
[indistinct chatter]
How ya doin', Quagmire?
I haven't seen you
in ages, man.
Yeah, it almost feels like
a whole lifetime ago.
Ya gotta get rid
of the baby clothes,
you look like a run-of-the-mill
rookie in that getup.
[all laugh]
[RUDEUS] Maybe I miss
those days and I wanna go back.
Gimme your bag,
lemme carry it somewhere.
[SOLDAT]
You? Carrying our bags?
Are you nuts?
We oughtta be carrying yours.
[RUDEUS] You did after that
stray dragon fight, we're good.
Man, we made out
like bandits on that one.
[chuckles]
Anyway, what's up with you,
-elf ears?
-Hmm?
What's a mega-slut like you
doing with a boyfriend?
Is this a joke or somethin'?
No, merely proof that no man
I've ever met
has truly won my heart before.
But now.
[indistinct chatter]
I've found
the man of my dreams,
and I couldn't be happier.
You may find it hard
to believe.
But I can be quite devoted.
[all laugh]
-No way, that's how it went?
-Hey, Sol. Interparty meeting.
Another, are you kidding me?
We talked all morning,
didn't we?
[KONRAD]
What do you expect?
The whole clan's fired up.
Might as well
get it out of the way.
[groans]
And here I thought I would get
to enjoy myself this afternoon.
Sorry, Quagmire, I gotta run.
But let's do this again,
all right?
Yeah!
Just let me know
when you're in town.
Hmm.
♪
[feeble bump]
[RUDEUS] So, what now?
You two have anything planned
for the rest of the day?
[ELINALISE]
Not really, no.
But actually,
we were talking about
giving Cliff a crash course
in adventuring.
If you would care to join us?
[RUDEUS]
Uh...
You needn't come.
I don't intend to rely
on your help.
[stunned sigh]
In that case, I'll just
head on back to school.
Then do take care going back,
and please give
everyone our best.
And, I know you know this,
but please remember that
you have a beginner with you,
so don't go anywhere
too dangerous.
Cool?
-[both] Sure thing!
-[CLIFF] Excuse me!
-[RUDEUS] Wha!
-[clears throat]
Yes, Rudeus, we'll be careful.
No challenging dragons
or Demon Kings.
[titters]
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps feebly]
Hmm.
Hey.
[RUDEUS] Should
the two of them be out here?
Who's guarding the princess?
Well, I'd better
at least say hi.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, you two!
Fancy meeting you
all the way out here.
Who do you...
Oh, great, it's you.
[RUDEUS]
Sounds like he still
doesn't like me very much.
But as long as I can stay
friends with Master Fitz,
who cares?
What's up?
You okay, Master Fitz?
There's something different
about you today.
[RUDEUS] I can't
put my finger on it.
The way he carries himself?
What do you need?
Speak your piece
and move along, would you?
[RUDEUS]
Did I catch them at a bad time?
Don't tell me.
Are they on a date?
Yeah, maybe Luke
swings both ways,
and he and Fitz have,
uh, "sparring practice."
[RUDEUS]
I just happened to see you,
so I thought I would say hello.
Um... Master Fitz?
[stutters]
Uh...
[LUKE] I see.
We appreciate the greeting.
I have to remind you, however,
that Fitz isn't permitted
to speak while guarding
Her Highness.
Apologies.
I'm sure you understand.
[RUDEUS]
I guess I really did come
at a bad time.
Still, it seems harsh for him
to ignore me
completely like this.
[gasps]
What is it?
Oh, i-it's nothing.
Um...
Excuse me.
[indistinct chatter]
[RUDEUS]
I don't think I let anything
show on the outside,
but... man, that really stung.
Why would he shun me like that?
It hurts so much I can hardly
even think straight.
♪
[RUDEUS]
I've been mulling it over.
But I still can't figure out
why Master Fitz
was avoiding me just now.
I don't remember doing
anything to offend him.
I just wanna talk about
my feelings with someone.
Well, no, I just want to gripe.
I'm pretty sure Zanoba
is at the Mages' Guild
right now
for some
Blessed Child research.
He probably took Julie
with him.
Now, Linia and Pursena,
would be terrible listeners,
prob'ly make fun of me.
And Nanahoshi...
[sighs]
kind of has her hands full.
She won't wanna listen
to my problems.
[water trickling]
[sighs deeply]
♪
[RUDEUS]
Okay. Whatever.
Might as well go
to the library.
[footsteps approaching]
-Oh, hey.
-Uh!
[gasping excitedly]
Hey, Rudeus.
Been a little while, hasn't it?
[RUDEUS]
He's just his normal self.
Is there a problem?
Do I have something
on my face?
[chair sliding]
Why did you ignore me
in the market earlier today?!
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
But it really is true
that I'm not allowed to speak
while I'm on duty, you know.
"Silent" Fitz.
People don't take me seriously
because of my voice...
it's "childish".
So in public,
I'm not supposed to speak.
Especially
around Princess Ariel.
Okay, but I didn't see
the princess
anywhere around you.
[FITZ]
She was in a shop nearby.
We aren't her only protection.
[sighs]
Forgive me for demanding
your attention, then.
Poor timing, I guess.
Mm-mm.
It's all right.
I feel bad that I couldn't
respond to you, though.
[RUDEUS]
Okay, I think I see
what's happening here.
I'm not positive,
but I think Princess Ariel
has actually been disguising
herself as Master Fitz somehow.
So she was trying
to avoid me earlier
because any careless chitchat
could blow her cover.
The more I think about it,
the more sense
it makes overall.
But either way,
there's still no evidence
that Fitz is mad at me.
And that's all
I really care about.
So, good.
Well, that's a relief.
I was starting to worry
that you suddenly started
hating me or something.
[laughs]
No, of course not,
how could I ever hate you?
[exhales]
♪
[feeble crackling]
[gasps]
♪
[sighing and sobbing]
[RUDEUS]
Every little thing he does
sticks with me.
The way he scratches
behind his ears.
The way he stretches when
he finishes a study session.
The way he smells
when he brushes close by me.
♪
And then there's that smile.
I can't get that bashful smile
out of my head.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[RUDEUS] I know
what all this means, of course.
[gasps]
[flustered stuttering]
[RUDEUS]
I'm in love.
♪
Hmm?
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
I'm in love with a man.
Assuming he really is one,
which... hmm...
[door opens]
-[RUDEUS] Professor Jenius?
-Hmm?
Well, hello, Rudeus.
What brings you
to see me today?
Well, I want to ask
about Master Fitz.
[sighs]
Then you'll have to forgive me.
The staff have been given
rather strict instruction
regarding him and his employer.
I see, of course.
Could you confirm
basic information for me,
like his sex?
Like his sex?
Well, yes.
Mm.
[gulps]
Silent Fitz... is male.
[RUDEUS]
Well, that was pretty
unconvincing.
And what was that about
"strict instruction regarding"
Fitz?
[sighs]
What would I do if he actually
turned out to be a woman?
Would I ask him out?
Wish I could at least
jerk off about it.
Uh!
-[gasps]
-Sorry, what'd you say?
-Aah! -Watch out!
-[RUDEUS grunts]
Aah!
[both grunt]
[clattering]
[breathes shakily]
Uh...
I...
I-I'm so sorry.
Master Fitz, could it be
that you're actually a woman?
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[shakily speaking]
Mm-mm.
N-No!
You're mistaken.
I... I'm a man!
[sobs]
[running footsteps]
[RUDEUS]
Master Fitz is a woman.
That's a big deal.
But even more importantly...
[RUDEUS]
I got a boner.
Amazing.
[RUDEUS]
I can't believe it!
All because I came
to investigate
the mana disaster.
Thank you, Lord Man-God!
Although, Fitz obviously
wants to be known as a man.
[RUDEUS]
Well, fine!
He...
She has done so much for me,
I can't betray that.
I have a responsibility
to respect her wishes
and help her keep up the act
for however long she wants.
Master Fitz definitely holds
the key to curing my ED,
but I can't get any more
intimate with him now.
Maybe soon.
Hey.
[breathing coarsely]
I guess this cure
still has a long way to go.
[sighs]
Oh, well...
I can see my way forward.
So why rush?